More explicit documentation for release process. (#2185)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: enterprise/cmd/server/README.md

# Sourcegraph Server

> This command produces the `sourcegraph/server` Docker image which runs Sourcegraph on a single node.

Reviewer: The command does not produce that image, the command is what runs inside the Docker container. The Dockerfile does. So an accurate way to state this would be:

```suggestion
This directory contains the code which makes up the `sourcegraph/server` Docker image which runs Sourcegraph on a single node.
```
